URL-go/README.md, before:

# URL-go
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-1.18+-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)

[go-resty/resty](https://github.com/go-resty/resty)

> A Go script that gives you the source code for a web page.


> Uses the Resty library for HTTP clients.


> Clone with: `git clone https://github.com/MyCode83/Url-Checkers.git`
- The provided binaries are only for **Linux x86_64** and **Windows x86_64**

---
### If you're on a different architecture (like ARM, macOS, or 32-bit systems),  you'll need to have this requirements:
- Go 1.18+: [Install go](https://go.dev/dl/)
> when you have go installed : put this command `go build check.go`, `sudo chmod +x .\check` (if you are in linux)


>  If you want yo can put it in &GOPATH: `go install`


> Visit the go documentation: [Documentation](https://go.dev/doc/), [tour](https://go.dev/tour/) and [search](https://pkg.go.dev/)


### False Positive
<img width="1914" height="953" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/018aa69c-94c4-4426-9e06-15bed926316d" />

This is a **false positive**, commonly caused by:
- Static Go binaries
- Unsigned executables
- Heuristic analysis with generic labels

Commit message:

Update README.md, features of v1 and v2

URL-go/README.md, after:

# URL-go
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-1.18+-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)

[go-resty/resty](https://github.com/go-resty/resty)

> A Go script that gives you the source code for a web page.


> Uses the Resty library for HTTP clients.


> Clone with: `git clone https://github.com/MyCode83/Url-Checkers.git`

## Features: 
### v1 : 
- check the an url with -url
- colors
- An brief description of each status code
### v2: 
- Goroutines (Wait Groups)
- colors
- An brief description of each status code
- A timer to see how long it takes to complete all the requests
- `7 flags` :
    - flag `-url` to check an url (like v1)
    - flag `-list` to check the urls of a wordlist
    - flag `-see` to see the response body only with `-list`
    - flag `-threads` to put max goroutines
    - flag `-ua` to send a custom User-Agent
    - flag `-ignore` to ignore a list of status code
    - flag `-timeout` to custom the timeout
---
- The provided binaries are only for **Linux x86_64** and **Windows x86_64**

---
### If you're on a different architecture (like ARM, macOS, or 32-bit systems),  you'll need to have this requirements:
- Go 1.18+: [Install go](https://go.dev/dl/)
> when you have go installed : put this command `go build check.go`, `sudo chmod +x .\check` (if you are in linux)


>  If you want yo can put it in &GOPATH: `go install`


> Visit the go documentation: [Documentation](https://go.dev/doc/), [tour](https://go.dev/tour/) and [search](https://pkg.go.dev/)


### False Positive
<img width="1914" height="953" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/018aa69c-94c4-4426-9e06-15bed926316d" />

This is a **false positive**, commonly caused by:
- Static Go binaries
- Unsigned executables
- Heuristic analysis with generic labels
